1. Create React Project

Open the folder where you want to create the project.
Open the terminal in that folder.

Run:
npm create vite@latest
Enter the project name.
Select React → JavaScript.

2. Open Project

3. Install Tailwind CSS

Go to the Tailwind CSS website.
Follow the React + Vite installation steps.

4. Install Material UI

Go to the Material UI website.
Install the required dependencies.

5. Install React Icons

Go to the React Icons website.
Install the dependency.

6. Install React Hot Toast

Go to the React Hot Toast website.
Install the dependency.

Note: Follow the latest installation steps from the official documentation of each library.

Need to know:
    PostCss: 
        1). What is it? A tool that processes and transforms CSS using plugins.
        2). Use Case: Optimizes CSS, enables modern CSS features, and works with tools like Tailwind CSS.
        3). How it's used: Runs during the build process and automatically transforms your CSS before it is loaded in the browser

    AutoPrefixer:
        1). What is it? A PostCSS plugin that automatically adds vendor prefixes to CSS properties.
        2). Use Case: Ensures CSS works across different browsers without writing prefixes manually.

        3). Example:

            display: flex;

            becomes

            display: -webkit-flex;
            display: flex;

            (only when required for browser compatibility).

        4). How it's used: It runs through PostCSS during the build process and automatically updates your CSS.
    These both are pre-install when you install tailwind using tailwind vite   

7.) For creating Store : 
    we need to install redux, react-redux,redux toolkit


8). for moving from one url to anohter url and all other feature that we 
implement like using useLocation or useNavigate and many more all come from 
React rounter dom so install this package while doing this

9). For improving loading screen we use react-loader-spinner 
10). for form related we use use react Form Hook
11). for icon we use react icon
12). for message appear in scrren on add to cart or remove product from cart we use React toast
13). for option like in user profile we use material ui menu option we have used material ui at many places too  